content/qualifications.md, before:

+++
title = "Qualifications"
date = 2019-07-22T09:28:17+01:00
type = "page"
slug = "qualifications"
[[blocks]]
background_image = "/site-images/green-background.jpg"
background_style = "Dark"
heading = "Qualifications"
size = "Big"
template = "hero-section"
[[blocks]]
template = "body-copy"
content = "**Education**\n\nI completed my undergraduate degree in Linguistics in 1997.  I then qualified as a Speech and Language Therapist in 2001, obtaining a Master of Medical Science (MMedSci) degree in Clinical Communication Studies from the University of Sheffield.\n\n**Membership**\n\nI am now a member of the Royal College of Speech and Language Therapists, the Association of Speech and Language Therapists in Independent Practice, and am registered with the Health Care Professionals council.\n\n**Experience**\n\nPrior to working independently I worked within the NHS assessing and treating pre-school and primary-aged children. I have worked in community clinics gaining experience in a broad range of speech, language and communication difficulties and also have experience working in special schools with children with a range of mild to severe learning and physical difficulties.\n\n**Training**\n\nSince qualifying I have continued to develop my skills in accordance with requirements set out by the Royal College of Speech and Language Therapists and the Health Care Professionals Council. I have specific training in the following therapy techniques:\n\n- Parent Child Interaction Therapy (PCI)\n\n- Picture Exchange Communication System (PECS)\n\n- Lidcome Therapy (for children who stammer)\n\n- Derbyshire Language scheme\n\n- New Nuffield Dyspraxia Program\n\n- PROMPT (Prompts for Restructuring Oral Muscular Phonetic Targets)\n\n- Johansen Individualised\n\n- Auditory Stimulation\n\nand have attended training in the following areas:\n\n- Motor speech disorders (September 2007)\n\n- Semantics and word finding (October 2007)\n\n- Down syndrome (November 2007)\n\n- Primary Care (May 2009)\n\n- Differential diagnosis of ASD and other related conditions(February 2010)\n\n- Sentence Processing (September 2010)\n\n- Caroline Bowen: Speech Sound \n\n- Disorders, The Basics and Beyond (March 2011)\n\n- Working with deafness (November 2013)\n\n- PROMPT - Introduction (December 2015)\n\n- PROMPT - Bridging technique to intervention (December 2016)\n\n- Johansen Individualised Auditory Stimulation (November 2017)"
+++

Commit message:

Added more images and set hero to normal size

content/qualifications.md, after:

+++
title = "Chattertots - Qualifications"
date = 2019-07-22T09:28:17+01:00
type = "page"
slug = "qualifications"
[[blocks]]
background_image = "/site-images/green-background.jpg"
background_style = "Dark"
heading = "What are my qualifications to help your child?"
button_text = "Get in touch"
button_url = "tel:+441483389949"
template = "hero-section"
[[blocks]]
template = "body-copy"
content = "**Education**\n\nI completed my undergraduate degree in Linguistics in 1997.  I then qualified as a Speech and Language Therapist in 2001, obtaining a Master of Medical Science (MMedSci) degree in Clinical Communication Studies from the University of Sheffield.\n\n**Membership**\n\nI am now a member of the Royal College of Speech and Language Therapists, the Association of Speech and Language Therapists in Independent Practice, and am registered with the Health Care Professionals council.\n\n**Experience**\n\nPrior to working independently I worked within the NHS assessing and treating pre-school and primary-aged children. I have worked in community clinics gaining experience in a broad range of speech, language and communication difficulties and also have experience working in special schools with children with a range of mild to severe learning and physical difficulties.\n\n**Training**\n\nSince qualifying I have continued to develop my skills in accordance with requirements set out by the Royal College of Speech and Language Therapists and the Health Care Professionals Council. I have specific training in the following therapy techniques:\n\n- Parent Child Interaction Therapy (PCI)\n\n- Picture Exchange Communication System (PECS)\n\n- Lidcome Therapy (for children who stammer)\n\n- Derbyshire Language scheme\n\n- New Nuffield Dyspraxia Program\n\n- PROMPT (Prompts for Restructuring Oral Muscular Phonetic Targets)\n\n- Johansen Individualised\n\n- Auditory Stimulation\n\nand have attended training in the following areas:\n\n- Motor speech disorders (September 2007)\n\n- Semantics and word finding (October 2007)\n\n- Down syndrome (November 2007)\n\n- Primary Care (May 2009)\n\n- Differential diagnosis of ASD and other related conditions(February 2010)\n\n- Sentence Processing (September 2010)\n\n- Caroline Bowen: Speech Sound \n\n- Disorders, The Basics and Beyond (March 2011)\n\n- Working with deafness (November 2013)\n\n- PROMPT - Introduction (December 2015)\n\n- PROMPT - Bridging technique to intervention (December 2016)\n\n- Johansen Individualised Auditory Stimulation (November 2017)"
+++
