content/termsandconditions.md, before:

+++
date = "2019-07-22T09:28:17.000+01:00"
draft = true
slug = "terms-and-conditions"
title = "Terms and Conditions"
type = "page"
[menu.main]
identifier = "termsandconditions"
name = "Terms & Conditions"
weight = 5
[[blocks]]
background_image = "/site-images/orange-background.jpg"
background_style = "Dark"
heading = "Terms and Conditions"
size = "Big"
template = "hero-section"
[[blocks]]
content = "**Cancellations**\n\n36 hours notice is required. Sessions cancelled by you after this time, or not attended, will incur full payment. This includes sessions cancelled because of illness although I will reduce this to 50% for the first late cancellation due to illness in a 6 week block. If I am ill I will offer a replacement session as soon as possible.\n\n**Contracts**\n\nIf you verbally commit to a speech and language therapy sessions, you are agreeing to accept the terms and conditions below. Please read them carefully and do not hesitate to ask any questions that may arise from them.\n\n**Location of sessions**\n\nAssessments will generally be offered in your own home, so that your child can be assessed and observed in familiar and relaxed surroundings. I would ask that you provide a quiet environment, free from distraction (e.g. phone, TV) where possible. It is also expected that you will stay with your child for the duration of the session. Unless otherwise arranged, therapy sessions will be provided at my premises in Godalming, Surrey.\n\nIf you wish to discuss the possibility of arranging sessions elsewhere, please contact me by email or telephone.\n\n**Geographical area covered**\n\nI am willing to provide assessments, and possibly some therapy sessions, to homes within a 10 mile radius of Godalming, Surrey. This covers GU postcodes in most of west Surrey, and parts of north east Hampshire. There will be a fee for travel time if I travel to your location. Please contact me to discuss this further.\n\n**Working hours**\n\nI provide sessions usually between 9.30am and 4pm on a Monday, Tuesday and Friday with the last session starting no later than 3.30pm and 9.30am and 5.30pm on a Wednesday with the last session starting no later than 5pm. If you wish to discuss the possibility of arranging sessions outside these hours, please contact me by email or telephone.\n\n**Role of the parent/carer**\n\nDuring a child's block of therapy, I usually provide tasks for you to carry out with your child for short times between therapy sessions. Completion of these tasks is as important as the therapy sessions themselves, and regular home support usually results in more positive outcomes.\n\nIt is therefore essential that you commit to attending all the agreed therapy sessions where possible, to ensuring that an adult consistently attends with your child, and to carrying out the tasks provided, and modelled by me.\n\n**Services and Fees**\n\nAll fees include administrative tasks outside the contact time with you and your child, e.g. liaison, paperwork, session planning, preparation of resources and also the cost of materials provided.\n\nIf you commit to speech and language therapy assessment, you will be asked to make a payment on the first day of assessment. This cost will include taking a detailed case history about your child and his/her development, assessment of speech, language and communication skills, and a written report discussing your child's speech and language development, highlighting areas of concern, and informing you of my recommendations. These recommendations may include therapy sessions, however you do not have to commit to these with myself unless you choose to.\n\nIf recommendations include onward referrals (for example to a paediatrician), this may require you to ask your GP to make the referral on your behalf.\n\nIf you choose to take up therapy sessions with myself, it is usually appropriate to offer therapy in 'blocks' of 6 sessions, followed by a short break of around 6-8 weeks and then a review. You will be invoiced for therapy sessions at the end of each month.\n\nA review appointment should also be paid for in advance of, or on the day of the appointment. Following reassessment of speech, language and/or communication skills, a decision will be made as to whether or not your child requires another block, home programme and review, or discharge, and this will be discussed with you.\n\n**Home programmes**\n\nAt times it will be appropriate to provide a home programme, for example, following a block of therapy, or a review appointment. Home programmes contain activities and advice for you to use with your child. Costs for home programmes range in price from £10-£60, dependent on the amount of planning required to devise the programme.\n\n**Failed payments**\n\nIf a session is not paid for by the day of the appointment or at least by the date on your invoice (usually 7 days later), I may suspend further sessions until payment has been made. You will be sent one further reminder after which payment must be received if debt collection proceedings are to be avoided."
template = "body-copy"

+++

Commit message:

Added more images and set hero to normal size

content/termsandconditions.md, after:

+++
date = "2019-07-22T09:28:17.000+01:00"
draft = true
slug = "terms-and-conditions"
title = "Chattertots - Terms and Conditions"
type = "page"
[[blocks]]
background_image = "/site-images/orange-background.jpg"
background_style = "Dark"
heading = "What are my terms and conditions?"
button_text = "Get in touch"
button_url = "tel:+441483389949"
template = "hero-section"
[[blocks]]
content = "**Cancellations**\n\n36 hours notice is required. Sessions cancelled by you after this time, or not attended, will incur full payment. This includes sessions cancelled because of illness although I will reduce this to 50% for the first late cancellation due to illness in a 6 week block. If I am ill I will offer a replacement session as soon as possible.\n\n**Contracts**\n\nIf you verbally commit to a speech and language therapy sessions, you are agreeing to accept the terms and conditions below. Please read them carefully and do not hesitate to ask any questions that may arise from them.\n\n**Location of sessions**\n\nAssessments will generally be offered in your own home, so that your child can be assessed and observed in familiar and relaxed surroundings. I would ask that you provide a quiet environment, free from distraction (e.g. phone, TV) where possible. It is also expected that you will stay with your child for the duration of the session. Unless otherwise arranged, therapy sessions will be provided at my premises in Godalming, Surrey.\n\nIf you wish to discuss the possibility of arranging sessions elsewhere, please contact me by email or telephone.\n\n**Geographical area covered**\n\nI am willing to provide assessments, and possibly some therapy sessions, to homes within a 10 mile radius of Godalming, Surrey. This covers GU postcodes in most of west Surrey, and parts of north east Hampshire. There will be a fee for travel time if I travel to your location. Please contact me to discuss this further.\n\n**Working hours**\n\nI provide sessions usually between 9.30am and 4pm on a Monday, Tuesday and Friday with the last session starting no later than 3.30pm and 9.30am and 5.30pm on a Wednesday with the last session starting no later than 5pm. If you wish to discuss the possibility of arranging sessions outside these hours, please contact me by email or telephone.\n\n**Role of the parent/carer**\n\nDuring a child's block of therapy, I usually provide tasks for you to carry out with your child for short times between therapy sessions. Completion of these tasks is as important as the therapy sessions themselves, and regular home support usually results in more positive outcomes.\n\nIt is therefore essential that you commit to attending all the agreed therapy sessions where possible, to ensuring that an adult consistently attends with your child, and to carrying out the tasks provided, and modelled by me.\n\n**Services and Fees**\n\nAll fees include administrative tasks outside the contact time with you and your child, e.g. liaison, paperwork, session planning, preparation of resources and also the cost of materials provided.\n\nIf you commit to speech and language therapy assessment, you will be asked to make a payment on the first day of assessment. This cost will include taking a detailed case history about your child and his/her development, assessment of speech, language and communication skills, and a written report discussing your child's speech and language development, highlighting areas of concern, and informing you of my recommendations. These recommendations may include therapy sessions, however you do not have to commit to these with myself unless you choose to.\n\nIf recommendations include onward referrals (for example to a paediatrician), this may require you to ask your GP to make the referral on your behalf.\n\nIf you choose to take up therapy sessions with myself, it is usually appropriate to offer therapy in 'blocks' of 6 sessions, followed by a short break of around 6-8 weeks and then a review. You will be invoiced for therapy sessions at the end of each month.\n\nA review appointment should also be paid for in advance of, or on the day of the appointment. Following reassessment of speech, language and/or communication skills, a decision will be made as to whether or not your child requires another block, home programme and review, or discharge, and this will be discussed with you.\n\n**Home programmes**\n\nAt times it will be appropriate to provide a home programme, for example, following a block of therapy, or a review appointment. Home programmes contain activities and advice for you to use with your child. Costs for home programmes range in price from £10-£60, dependent on the amount of planning required to devise the programme.\n\n**Failed payments**\n\nIf a session is not paid for by the day of the appointment or at least by the date on your invoice (usually 7 days later), I may suspend further sessions until payment has been made. You will be sent one further reminder after which payment must be received if debt collection proceedings are to be avoided."
template = "body-copy"

+++
